save me marina whistles though the cruise that is a football field in the stadium
from pacaembu
by training
during training the team
only people imagine
went up to the second floor of the building
I do not know what I'm going to do now
a member of the strike command
she continued
change for psol in the group
big game against santo andré in abc paulista
in front of the americana
it's not easy
if someone will say
no rebote renan oliveira serginho
took henrique elected in November
I will always be obliged the country the mark of the European country
very good
Central region
I do not know if Brazil is winning.
this system
to be operated on one leg
That year, Peru.
the athletes of brazil neymar crosses by the left the ball for him in turn
marked in his field
to end the crisis in Brazil
63 - said the player
He really likes that someone has not been locked up yet.
in the first game
at this moment
Brazil as the second goal
you do not need to get into it
I do not think about it
do not need